welcome to slash forward and before we
start i want to let anyone interested in
supporting the channel know that i've
set up a website that enables you to
make donations
any donation earns you a link to an
uncensored 10 minute video featuring
toby hooper's life force i'll also be
adding more content when i'm able so
check it out and a huge thank you to
nicholas
and seth the first to contribute your
extra support is truly appreciated
in this episode we're taking one last
go-around with our friends charlie and
the kreitz and critters 4.
if you hate saying goodbye subscribe for
more content let's get to it
we open where we last left off kansas in
1992.
we see charlie back in the basement
blasting at every noise in the dark he
gets the message that extermination is
forbidden and obediently deposits the
eggs in the containment system which
then closes with him in it
begins to cryofreeze he attempts to
escape finding the buttons to be
mostly for show and then goes on a
fantastic voyage
flipping through the universe flash
forward to the saturn sector in 2045
a time the movie optimistically assumes
will contain so much space travel that's
become banal to someone like ethan who's
patiently counting the months
until he's able to visit earth he runs
across his mentor albert who always
chews gum while speaking
a magnetic space anomaly and he's gotten
stiff in the jock
and they do a quick boot swap before
taking their stations the bridge of this
grimy ragtag
scavenger ship is locked onto some
potentially lucrative space trash
and are working to bring it on board
with some effort they do manage to snag
it and hoist it aboard upon examination
it's noted that the canister carries the
symbol of the now defunct
intergalactic council they presume
someone still owns the thing so they do
their due diligence to avoid any future
ownership disputes
they get an almost immediate message
from their new galactic overlords
terracore
who confirms the property is theirs and
they'll send a convoy to rendezvous with
them at their nearest station
three earth days away the crew agrees
despite captain rick's desire to try to
squeeze them for more riches
they arrive excitedly at the nearly
empty station which raises fran's
hackles
so they proceed cautiously and attempt
to assess the condition of the facility
albert chews his way through the
diagnostic and finds the nuclear core
fairly close to being fully
non-functional this drives fray into the
shower where the men folk bask in the
playful suggestiveness of her silhouette
rick takes this as an invitation
and announces himself to her resulting
in him getting jacked right in front of
his subordinates
pushed to the brink by his disrespectful
crew he immediately runs off to their
treasure knowing that it's not going to
complain when he discharges into it and
he proceeds to work on popping this bad
boy open
the energy burst is picked up in the
control center where al manages to gain
control over the computer through
reverse psychology
do not give me security clearance to all
levels
you have security appearance in all
levels assuming a malfunctioning power
conduit he sends ethan to bypass the
manifold patch and cross-hatch the
tachyon stream
naturally when he arrives ethan finds
rick behaving in a manner unbecoming of
a captain
which includes turning him into a pinata
during this time the contents of the
cancer have warmed up a bit and goofball
charlie pops out
immediately recognizing something
strange is afoot rick is sure that this
can't be all that's in there and enters
the pod finding evidence of hatched eggs
this demonstrates there was more to the
bounty and he soon learns his precious
cargo is more than willing to perforate
his bowels and eat out his tongue the
young krites then scurry off to avoid
being turned into charcoal
this additional energy signature prompts
the occupants of the control room to go
check on ethan but they find a
thoroughly confusing scene instead
meanwhile charlie has attempted to bring
ethan up to speed and they're having fun
sneaking around the ship
playing dress up and stumbling into a
secret lab where experiments are
conducted
in the interest of their ongoing search
they take to the ducts which proves
fruitless
and they're discovered by bernie they
get cleaned up and demand some answers
from charlie
however discovering he's been frozen for
53 years proves to be too much
and he swoons while he snoozes they use
the doctor's credentials to access the
lab's records
and see terracore was engaged in making
some sweet hybrid monsters for the
purpose of clearing out areas for real
estate development
albert makes the wise choice to blow
this joint but they can't disembark
immediately because bernie is using the
doctor's security card to clear out the
pharmacy they locate him on the computer
with two unknown signatures closing in
on him their warning startles him and
goes unheeded because what's the point
of living if you don't have a backpack
full of random unlabeled pills
they rush to help but find they've
arrived too late now they're free to go
except the computer warns of a
radioactive hazard and starts sealing
doors
forcing them to take to the hatches
meanwhile the kreitz hatch their own
plan for their hatchlings that involves
the ass
tesla so as they begin preparations to
leave which includes entrusting charlie
with their one remaining antique weapon
a krypt makes it on board and wreaks
havoc some havoc wreaked directly by
eating the wiring and some
indirectly by enticing charlie to fire
on it directly into the control panels
we learned there was a mistaken
assumption about the number of available
ships on the station so they're now
forced to sit tight and await tarakor's
arrival
unfortunately ethan's deep-seated daddy
issues flare up
causing him to run off to take out his
aggression on the final crite but he has
only one bullet left and he finds a
batch of fresh eggs
and evidence of them incubating new
hybrids so he runs out of there
when he gets back to the airlock tarakor
has arrived seeing the ceo is ugg
charlie mistakes him for his friend but
time changes all
and he freeze blasts albert and the
abdomen his minions then fan out to find
the specimens but ethan runs around
closing doors and herding them into the
laboratory where their two problems can
face off with each other
ethan then enters the airlock playing a
little carnival game to distract ugg
long enough to knock him out
despite the near certain victory ethan
delays his departure to say goodbye to
his mentor
resulting in a crite attack that he
narrowly wins and then he leaves
after saying his final goodbye and
taking a memento which then forces them
into a three-way standoff
in demonstration of the evolution of
charlie's character arc he takes the
shot and they leave after delaying
temporarily to say his final goodbye to
his old friend
this leaves them just enough time to
take off before the core goes critical
and vaporizes the station
then charlie goes ripping across the
solar system which would have been
as fun even if he were doing it 5
minutes earlier
critters 4 was as good as any of the
sequels so far it clearly had a more
limited creature budget but it was nice
of them to bring back the element of
advanced intelligence that was implied
in the first film
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching